The emperor said he fainted and fainted
No one is in charge yet
How do you do that?
I'm so anxious.
The emperor not only did not set up a prince
Not even half of the purple is left
In case there are three long and two short
Who will this great country be left to?
Don't talk nonsense
Even if something goes wrong
Isn't there another His Highness in this palace?
Another Your Highness said it well
His Royal Brother bestowed His Royal Highness King Shuo, who met with evil and turned good luck
I heard today that the emperor fainted
No news yet.
I'm afraid by then
Please also ask His Royal Highness King Shuo for the sake of the country
Design to manage the big picture
Hugh's gibberish
The emperor's auspicious person has his own heaven
It will be fine.
It's the Wei Chen oath
Please forgive me, His Highness King Shuo
Let the king go in and have a look
The emperor is favorable
No one is allowed inside
How dare you stop this king